welcome back ladies and gentlemen to the
second game of the day for the world
vision gimmie shelter campaign that we
are helping raise money for them kids
and we have got a nova war says coming
from Chris who donated a hundred bucks
yeah and so we're gonna be sending him
all the swag and but he's got a noble
war says I haven't read it yet so Adam
do the honors all right Chris says I'd
like to request the following for
starcraft remastered nova war says
forced arbitration units outside your
bases or base can only be moved via the
arbiters of recall ability the arbiter
and probes are excluded naturally you
may assign units to attack specific
units or structures but cannot issue a
move or attack move or Patrol command
did he tested this he said things I
noted while trying this slash tips for
Jeffrey called remember requires 150
energy arbiters start with sixty recalls
radius is not huge and arbiters can
recall arbiters which can recall
arbiters
so because anybody's in layman's terms
for me layman's terms is anytime that
you want your army to leave the base to
do any kind of attack again we recall
them and then if you want them to go
back out
I got a retain your back home back it
back home okay
and you have to attack like you can't he
doesn't want you to use a move in battle
so how do i attack I guess he wants you
to attempt to try and and attack like
I'm gonna modify that yeah that's that's
a pin and say that's maybe a bit a bit
much for the kids yeah I mean so we're
just gonna go with the art we'll go with
the arbiter thing so getting in and out
okay that by itself is a gas intensive
late-game thing so you're gonna have to
just get to the late game yeah and then
and then we'll say get some arbiters to
warp in and out yeah okay
this guy this guy had me doing about 15
20 different things he wants to see me
fail yeah he didn't wanna he didn't want
patrol either and I keep trying to
hotkey like I'm playing Starcraft 2 and
it's can't do that bro can't do that
here what do you think this is 1999 it's
still 1998 bro yes it is for those that
are just tuning in here on the stream
welcome guys we are raising money for
World Vision this is our second event
and yeah if you guys want to donate link
is in description below you can either
donate via PayPal through the PayPal
link and you'll it'll pop up here on the
screen or you can donate to the Gimme
Shelter a Gimme Shelter banner
underneath the stream or type in
exclamation charity and when you donate
directly on their page you will receive
a tax receipt so that you can get money
back so not only are you giving the
government less which is always good but
you're also saving lives which is even
better so
you're damn straight it is so I would do
it that way if it was games unless you
don't want one now any time any time you
can keep money out of the government do
it you do it legally legally court yeah
I yes that it's great that is a great
asterisk asterisk bottom of the page and
legally it's the way to go we don't we
don't need anybody up in here money
laundering during their their you know
crystal meth operations just not not
suggest not suggested here no we do
things legally for the kids that's right
absolutely
hey 2018 we could sell the green we
could here in Canada we could citizens
of Colorado feel free and a handful of
other states I don't know how many
states had that now in murki I think
it's a handful I don't think it's only
Colorado anymore
oh it's inevitable it'll eventually
happen everywhere dalton off mineral
news you know now that i'm playing this
game more and more I realize how dated
it is and how like almost unplayable it
is well it's kind of difficult when you
when you play you know five years of
Starcraft 2 and then you go back to 1998
it is a bit it is a bit much rough it is
route if I but if you played five years
of this game and you never played
Starcraft twos and you wouldn't even be
thinking about it that's true it would
just be kind of whatever it is very true
hopefully we get lots of starcraft 2
stuff today you shouldn't have said that
cuz see now they're gonna I know now
they're gonna blow you up
brood war I'm hoping they they put some
in my hands I like coming up with no for
says they're fun it's waltz named after
you so you know it's named that for you
not many things are
I hope I hope somebody drops the $250
bomb and takes your asset Oh after after
that video went up on YouTube nobody
wants to see me play again it was brutal
it wouldn't be so bad if I was on my own
mouse and keyboard but it's so I
agree like it's tough using nobody
else's now so keep I change like it used
to not be so bad when I use a hard and
small mouse pad like you have like I did
four years and then I changed now to a
massive cloth pad and my dpi is like one
third of yours and so it's just a trip
show me trying to go back and forth
between the two but yeah that was that
was an interesting experiment seeing me
play that it was quite something okay so
now how they named the first human after
you that's right exactly
okay so I need to get all my children
technically speaking geminate going to
build up there
I'm gonna try and get it a couple of
Reapers and I'm gonna try and do a
recall of Reapers reverse or reverse
sorry never a bad time when you get to
use it just they can do so much damage
so it's basically like using a dropship
for them yep
and if any the nice thing is if you have
full energy and you recall I don't know
if you have any energy left over but if
you did you could maybe use that stasis
move on the enemies that come up to try
and stop you but you might need multiple
arbiters for that well I'm gonna get two
of them anyway just to have one that
will recall it in and I think you can
recall other arbiters you can't you can
okay so then that's good okay so I'm
just gonna keep building a couple of
stalkers here just a case and I don't
know why I'm upgrading that let me get
the Drake you arrange I get lots of gas
going and we'll get the Stargate some
more gateways also guys WCS is going on
right now we're kind of competing
against them which wasn't the smartest
of things but we're doing it for the
kids it is I think we just will be fine
we will be okay
I don't know how long WCS is running
today we'll probably be on top there yes
we run longer we might get something
back later in the day you never know you
just never know it doesn't really matter
Jim we've already raised all thousand
dollars we police may 31 this is cream
now hmm like the fantastic band that
Eric Clapton carried looking to my
father my father John Eric Clapton's the
man he is literally the man it was very
sad to see to see him after the death of
his his baby though the toddler that
basically crawled through
in the up in the hotel or whatever they
were like God knows how many stories up
and it just straight crawled through the
bars oh I didn't even hear about that
didn't know no so like that's what the
album that you just the song I think
that you just sang is part of the album
that came after that happened and that
if you watch Eric Clapton and listen to
his music and everything before and then
after he went from he aged about 20
years well in a single year
that'll do it yeah and but that's when
he did a lot of the the more religious
sounding stuff and everything else is
after his toddler was like rip life I'm
out of here by week i'm just crawled
crawled through there Wow yeah that's
what tears in heaven is about that song
that's pretty sad yeah yeah not so hot
so that we didn't know that yeah that
was Eric Clapton's bit and that's why I
like you just went straight Haggard
immediately and yeah so yeah but Eric
laugh and one of the greatest guitarists
of all time yep
pure musician right there shoutouts to
the Unplugged album that is fire have
you ever heard the unplugged oh I don't
think so oh yeah oh that's good stuff
absolutely Leila one of my favorite
songs of all time and though it's not
for the kids
his song cocaine also good and I shot
the sheriff classic I shot the sheriff
but I did not shoot the deputy
okay so I need an arbiter I'm gonna go
ahead and grab a ninja I'm going for the
long game boys I don't know if you've
noticed that I got it cuz you're going
arbiters I mean I don't think you have a
choice I'm going for the long game like
there's never been a oh wait let's just
do I know what arbiter rush oh he didn't
grab some DT have you been seen what
your opponent has for a while I have I
saw a bunch of zealots here I'm assuming
you got an expansion by now probably and
I haven't taken any units out cuz I'm
not allowed so I've only taken a probe
to scout which I'm assuming is allowed
yeah yeah I'm gonna allow it
okay well I've already broken the rules
if that's not
go ahead and go ahead and grab an
expansion go right here actually
actually no I kind of wish that they had
done a sound pack for Starcraft 2 that
used all the sound effects of war and
then created new ones that fit in with
the brood war sound effects for the new
units yep that would've been dealt
because I just flat-out still prefer and
I don't think it's nostalgia I just
think you're better yeah I just think
they're better they are better
specifically the unit sounds just sounds
up even gonna upgrade the recall ability
that's whack dude that's why 1998 was a
tough time I'd say you didn't get
anything handed to you so I'm gonna do
I'm gonna do a drop of just straight-up
DTS and Reapers I'm gonna leave the
stalkers that's your defenses I don't
know how much I'm just gonna take you
about ten minutes just to get the the
dragoons to all sit in one spot long
enough to actually recall them that is
also true because again the recall
abilities zone it's tiny
everyone's gonna be half than holy I'll
be holding hands and singing Kumbaya
flows for you to be able to recall them
all getting some upgrades going here
alright we've got some more of these
going
and it's fine that built if I saw you
[Music]
okay or DTS rivers going recalls
finishing is there like a thing I can
get to get more energy probably to start
plus 50 you'll have a hundred and ten
but I think you still need to wait at
that point man these things move pretty
quick oh yeah they're quick damn
basketball guys sick units do I want
those units super versatile they're kind
of like the Protoss Raven back in the
day yep kind of build the same role yeah
them ins or science vessels they have
because they have like science vessels
have like yeah they can just there is
there a compliment unit for sure yeah
there may be some pro matches where they
you know they've gone mass science
vessels I think it was I can't remember
which it was supposed to be good against
it's good against was good sir guy think
because if they had to filers and they
were using cloud yeah and the science
vessels dropped the little poison gas
stuff I think it still killed everything
in the cloud or something like that if
I'm not mistaken
two three all right so we're still
waiting for
I'm gonna build probably four of these
things I'm gonna start off cuz I think
I'm gonna need at least two to recall
and then another two to recall out in
case my attack
you know what Yolo I'm just going to
call and just go for it my units died
then it's game over
it's gg it's game over so one hit wonder
so one hit wonder
it's a side you boy this is Eiffel 65
if I had my auto tuner hooked up right
now I can't not think of Resident Evil
director's cut whenever I hear that
because cam and I played through the
entire thing in one day and we had that
song on repeat on the CD player for like
nine ten straight hours song this dude
back in the day I used to listen to like
I had the VHS with all the music videos
on there like you much music and B et
inches yeah and I used to just listen to
the same things over and over and over
again oh yeah Backstreet Boys uh sure
you make me wanna I used to love that
video just so many good what happened oh
sure fell off uh sure is given everybody
herpes apparently rate also there's that
that's a problem well I guess we won't
touch on that for the kids no definitely
not
yeah so but yeah maybe I know maybe on
another cast we can we can talk a little
bit about uh sure's her P issues not
touching on the herpes issues for the
kid now we're definitely not
oh boy okay well we've got two of these
bad boys here ones at a hundred and nine
ones at 150 dang man 150 energy takes
over half of the energy at max
yikes be able to do that I think that
makes sense we ran all into that point
you're basically just cram them all in
together and just start recalling like a
madman and hope for the best I'm gonna
take a probe over to his face because I
just like look at my base right now I'm
scams getting stupid oh yeah I'm
wondering Oh what he has yeah nobody's
attack he hasn't even scouted I don't
think he's done nothing so what does he
have those done absolutely nothing so
either I'm playing a scrub or I'm about
to have about 500 carrier at my base I'm
thinking carrier I'm gonna get the
stasis field just in case he does have
stasis is the greatest move in this game
dude it's pretty op2 it lasts a while oh
[Music]
[Laughter]
boy
all right work oh boy that's a very
small army but listen to that voice it
sounds so badass I know it's good Paul
Mike so good so good I don't even know
the words he's saying if it sounds good
haha Chewbacca sword soul sounds almost
Japanese Japanese just already sounds
dope no matter what you don't even know
they're saying but you're like yes that
move do more of it bring the fire like
protosses and start drive to sound like
a castrated yep oh oh there's a I think
I saw a drop ship up there oh yeah I did
he got a ninja expand oh that's a lot of
cannons listen to this voice
we go Godspeed gist
I just dropped
your mother's
of the art ASIS
oh boy
oh boy he back up I think you know he's
still killing you
he will it's a face race geez he's got
DTS that's problematic did you not build
anything for oh that's bad
fine look at this it's true you have a
few cannons mind you they're in no place
to actually do anything for a while but
you have cannons yeah I'm just gonna
bill I'm gonna rebuild everything up
here and buy as much time as I can sit
right up top here hold position Bob's
got an office
are you guys are you going to attack
please be having these curves
speaking of it's a good old-fashioned
bass race boys and girls
speaking of opps I need to build one
yesterday
oh that's bad who's the old let's have
an expansion over here oh he doesn't you
only expand the top I might be okay
we're gonna need some used to defend
with little flustered I'm not surprised
pack those bad boys up
ready
goodbye through those two probes are
salty yeah
they don't get to do anything you're not
having a good time don't do anything but
die your time has come
meet your maker probe it's all over but
the crying no more tears only dreams
well you got some DTS get the arbiters
if you have some energy about time you
get to you have stasis to like kind of
just choose which units to breeze up and
kill the others I killed up pretty much
all of his tech like all the important
stuff
I just want to listen to the to an
arbiter talk the whole time
oh wow there we go baby
advanced tactics there we go baby where
as a wise man once said special tactics
gonna get those advanced special tactics
in place the Arbour to recall the DTS
the cloak on top of the cloak the mane
is gone the pylon building desperation
is real yeah baby
the tension is split he's getting
desperate the dragoons are all over the
place trying to find mr. black where is
he hiding where is the base where are
all these units coming from over here
can it happen always gonna happen I
still win this game ah are the dragoons
enough to get through the wall of kin
have known the arbiters no no Abrams oh
no it's all ogre look at this I always
thought that they said Ferris wheel
Ferris wheel and just a really awesome
voice I first I hate Ferris wheels
they're like I absolutely despise Ferris
wheel
Ferris wheels are for when you're when
you're with you know your your wife your
girlfriend who is a hopeless cheesy
romantic and you're only up there for
that and that's basically the show I
absolutely hate Ferris wheels that or
you're trying to get over in the worst
way possible your fear of heights those
are the only reasons it's like I'm not
I'm not a fan of heights like I wouldn't
say I'm scared of it but I prefer just
not to be up high and I'm really doing
up high I don't want to be going slowly
like that's the worst part of it this is
barely moving oh yeah I hate it
recall man dragoon dragoon dragoon
dragoon dragoon you're a natural mr.
black I know you're a natural I know no
thang but a chicken wangle oh he's
looking up here he's gonna see these
cannons in rage quit rage quit coming
baby here it comes baby rage quit here
it comes baby just let it go forever
let it go come on let it go it's all
oger you lost
GG oh he's determined he's coming I want
you to do nothing but just freeze his
units for fun okay see what happens
see if you just rage oh you know what
I'm gonna do it right on the ramp so he
walked up here
the great that right there in the
freezer that is so be how long that
stasis last blew it so P it's like eight
nine seconds its Opie oh that's so back
me if you have an OK to do for another
one yeah of course I do oh and I can do
this infinitely go home can I get a
reaper over here oh I don't think this
shoot down off the cliff go oh yeah
that's right then you'd finish the
original guys are still frozen oh yeah
they're not going anywhere
that's so BM oh that's just that's just
savagery it's absolute savagery
the Dragoon increased range is real
though very real shooting at you from
the moon's oh he's got it he's got a
couple of DTS
oh just get rekt dude just get rekt Oh
arbiters Opie you just got to respect
that play you just gotta say jewelry man
well played do to do well played well
played
see these cannons are just valued so
much value why doesn't it tell me any
kills each cannon has because it's not
1999 yet jeez
you can't ask for that much we haven't
entered this the eve of the millennia
oh look at those disgusting my goodness
absolutely disgusting range on the can
great minds dang I don't have enough
energy Oh
run for days you know it's only 150 well
you just fly that other arbiter over
here fly around the map to see he's
obviously got another great somewhere
got it at this point I can just kind of
let him up I don't know if he thinks
that you only have like a couple of DTS
and some arbiters and he doesn't know
that you have all these dragoons but to
be honest she's probably there is going
to be recalling oh dude there's just a
zero chance
zero-zero it's actually painful to look
at I feel I feel I feel physical pain
for this man right now
you know the games starting today have
been hot the habit they've been hot you
might only go downhill from here we
might have peaked early
I hate when we I hate what we do so well
so early because it just sets a it sets
it on an unattainable precedent it
really does the future games all right
let me just recall these deities in
there
go get em ETS go get em
it's coming in what more he's must he
might even be up here he's got to have
another base somewhere he's just feeding
in zealous for somebody blossom there's
just no way I mean look at look at my
defense it'll turn off the zealots are
hating their cannon once and they're
dying
yeah he's look at all this it's just
streamlining in zealots desperate boys
he's done nothing but mineral based
units let him just keep flowing in
and he might kill two cannons here
nope no no you got the one beat up
candidate just replace whatever plena
SHhhh those bad boys I need to forge hey
if you guys think that this game the
last game is worth won't you donate to
them kids why are you donate to the kids
hey what's what's five dollars ten
dollars what's a hundred bucks I can't
even get something at Starbucks for five
dollars you can't even get a cinnamon
Dolce latte Grande there's some there's
some things at Starbucks I can't buy for
$100 it's so true you want that cinnamon
bun that'll be 104 fifty oh gee not even
that good of a cinnamon bun to be honest
with you but if you got a Cinnabon oh
now we're talking now we're talking
you eat a Cinnabon and you don't have to
eat for the next three days was a long
game the forced arbitration with a
slight modification works woof that was
a good one that was a good night was a
good one went well I like it well thanks
again to Chris for that hundred dollar
donation we are gonna send you out your
swag yeah just update this here if you
guys want to support the cause then you
can there was one from Nerdist go ahead
and donate if you're here on the
livestream you can do that any time
while we're live link is in description
below you can either donate via PayPal
and get a little notification or you can
donate directly on the site and get a
tax receipt if you do that and it's a
hundred dollars or more
please take a screenshot of your
donation email it to life's a glitch TV
at gmail.com and let us know what you
want us to do for you today if you want
us to do an oval or says it's really
want us to cast a replay of your choice
we don't care it can be a bad game can
be a good game it's on you you paid for
it so whatever you like go ahead and do
that if you're watching on YouTube it's
not too late even though the day is over
you can still donate and
get a cast because Adam and I are gonna
honor everybody for the duration of this
campaign so even though the two events
are over we will go out of our way
due to cast your game regardless and get
it up here on YouTube so thank you so
far we're already at 150 bucks today
that had the first few minutes not bad
dot jpg we're trying to get to a
thousand today though we're just trying
I think we can do it I think I think by
the end of the a boy had a thousand I'll
be impressed if we do because we kind of
bled everyone dry their last last event
yeah I think we got oh I think we got
one I think we got one K in us I think
we could add it we'll see you guys on
game number three coming up real soon
peace